<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	template="/templates/maintemplate.xhtml">
	<ui:define name="title">Usman Saleem - About</ui:define>
	<ui:define name="head">
		<meta name="description" content="Usman Saleem About Page. Information about Usman Saleem." />
		<meta name="keywords" content="Usman Saleem, Java, JEE, Blog, PostgreSQL, expert Java Programmer, Java based blog" />
	</ui:define>
	<ui:define name="content">
	<div style="width: 90%; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;padding-top: 2em; padding-bottom: 2em">
		<p:panel header="About me">
		<p>
			I am Usman Saleem, my friends call me Uzi. I am an IT professional specializing in Java, JEE, PostgreSQL and open source technologies and currently living in beautiful river
			city of Brisbane (Australia).
			
		</p>
		<p>
			Besides the usual programming stuff, I love to teach Object Oriented Programming using Java and enterprise application development using JEE technologies. I have taught at 
			several public and private sector universities as visiting faculty and have conducted Java Certification courses at some local institutes as well.
		</p>
		<p>
			I can be reach via my email usman @ usmans.info.
		</p>
		</p:panel>
	</div>
	<div style="width: 90%; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto; padding-bottom: 2em">
		<p:panel header="About this site">
		<p>
			I have redesigned this site from scratch. The header images are created using Gimp. The technologies stack used is
			Primefaces 5, JSF 2, EJB 3 and <s>HSQLDB</s> PostgreSQL. The <pre data-language="generic">syntax highlighter</pre> used by <a href="http://craig.is/making/rainbows" target="_blank">Rainbow</a>.
		</p>
		<p> 
			The site was originally coded using Eclipse, but now uses maven 3 as build system.
		</p>
		<p>
			My previous blog software was Nucleus CMS, however, after the crash of the hosting provider, I decided that its time to switch to my own implementation.
			of blogger software. This has been hosted on Openshift, and now on Amazon Cloud using Wildfly (former JBoss AS).
		</p>
		<p>
			The source code of my blog is available in my github profile here: <a href="https://github.com/usmansaleem/uziblog" target="_blank">https://github.com/usmansaleem/uziblog</a>.
		</p>
		
		</p:panel>
	</div>
		
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
